You...
should get married.
If Ji An wants to be a contemporary arts artist,
I'll open a gallery for you.
You can be the head of a gallery after the wedding.
Do Kyung should come back to the company.
This is as far as I can yield.
Why won't you answer me, Ji An?
I'm confused.
Confused?
This is just so sudden.
That explains why she's flustered.
I'd understand if you're surprised, but flustered?
Are you surprised since you never thought of this?
I see. That must have been it.
But Ji An, as you know,
his grandfather is infuriated with Do Kyung.
You don't need to tell Ji An about him.
Do Kyung, listen to your mother.
We approve this marriage only because of him.
Do Kyung must return to work as soon as possible.
But to let him accept you, Ji An,
you need to at least look the part...
given our family's reputation too.
Luckily, since you wanted to go to an art school,
I thought it wouldn't be a bad change for you too.
I'll pretend that I didn't hear you say you hated...
our family as you felt intimidated.
Is three years too long for you to stay apart?
We'll give some thought to your offer separately...
and will give you our answers then.
Separately? Why would you do that?
To us, this isn't simple.
- Do Kyung. - You're dating...
only for a week. How many days are left?
We have four days left.
Then you will give us your answers after four days.
(Episode 45)
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
Dad's presence tells me that they are serious.
This is quite perplexing.
It's the last thing I expected.
I know.
Have you lost your mind?
No Myung Hee.
Did you just say you'll let Ji An marry Do Kyung?
I don't have any choice to bring back Do Kyung.
He's trying to go head to head with Dad like a kid.
But I don't believe you'll let them off this easily.
And do you think you can persuade your father?
They can't marry right now.
After getting him accept them and Ji An's studies,
they will get married then.
Do Kyung would've proven himself after three years.
Dad can't reject them without a good reason.
Haesung must be very important to you.
However,
he said she's not the only reason for not returning.
And Ji An said she didn't want to join our family.
Do you believe what she said?
They are dating now.
- What? - I caught them dating.
They said they're dating only for a week.
Do you think they can break up afterward?
They are dating only for a week?
Yes. According to them, it's strictly just dating.
Strictly dating.
If that's the case, we can't intervene.
What our family is worried about is the marriage.
That's why you must help me.
You know that I wanted to open up a gallery.
She will look respectable if she manages it.
Truthfully, she was smart, adequately educated,
diligent, driven, and has the gumption too.
There's nothing wrong with her.
I'm sure she will take good care of Do Kyung too.
What do you need me to do?
Help me persuade them.
Since we can't tell Dad about them right now,
we should persuade them so they follow our lead.
Imagine if Dad really gives up on Do Kyung.
Is that what you want?
What if Do Kyung regrets his decision later on?
We must protect our oldest as his parents.
Thanking us would have been a good start.
They are more circumspect than I thought.
They had been pretending not to be involved.
They must be embarrassed to accept it right away.
But you...
did like art, didn't you?
Couldn't it be a sculpture gallery?
If I agree to go abroad for my studies,
would you return to work?
If we are together.
No, forget it. That's a bit rash.
This isn't an easy decision to make.
I was too hasty.
I came here because my mother has asked for me.
My name is Choi Eun Seok.
She introduced me as her daughter,
but I'll be her daughter-in-law?
Are you thinking about what my parents said?
No way. I don't want to think about that.
Yes, think about nothing today.
Let's think about it later.
It's been a while. Welcome.
Yes, you're right. It's been a while.
- Do you have the draft? - Yes, it's right here.
I sent the quality test result...
and finished the list of necessary preparations.
I just need you to look them over, sir.
Put them in my office.
- I'll read them later. - Yes, sir.
Come this way.
Wooden bedding pellets for pets.
You must know. You told me about this.
I only thought it'd be used for fuel only.
I haven't seen these in person.
Our products are free of adhesive, pollutant,
nontoxic, and completely organic.
We're using only the inner parts without the skin,
so that we'll introduce the best product.
I was interested in eco-friendly products.
With right marketing, it will make good money.
What about the distribution?
I'll distribute free samples...
to pet shops, vet clinics, and cat cafes first.
Will you sell them online?
But do you have someone to market them?
We're only a small factory that just opened.
I have to do the marketing and sales by myself.
After we pass the test and list our trademark,
we're starting then, so I'll wrap samples tonight.
I haven't seen you this excited before.
Do I seem excited?
Is it because it's my first business?
This is my office.
But what are these?
Those are wrappers for our product.
They are just plastic bags.
They are too plain.
I was going to put our logo on here.
No way. Packaging plays a big part.
I'll design for the packaging.
- I took a class about it. - Is that so?
I was going to ask you to do something else.
Something else? What is it?
I was going to order cat toilets from you.
I want you to design them.
Right. It's an official order for Ms. Seo Ji An.
Accepted.
This is what you want, right?
I didn't know you were good at drawing too.
I can make this for you.
Tell me about your marketing strategy.
(Marketing Strategy)
Your marketing strategy is not bad,
but people use social media a lot these days.
Secretary Yoo and I don't know much about it.
You saw it first hand from the anniversary event.
First, make an official account for the company.
Upload videos or posts to promote your product.
After that, recruit testers on that account.
To participate,
the applicants can upload a post to promote them.
The applicants' friends will read the post,
so our product can be promoted in multiple ways.
Exactly. And put a lot of hashtags with pound.
Like "Wood pellet", "pellets for pets",
"cats", "100 percent eco-friendly", and so on.
Use important keywords.
You'll understand better with some examples.
Hey. Stay focused.
You were the one who wanted to come here.
Why did Father ask Ji An to meet?
Was he trying to help her?
Or did he scold her?
Why isn't she calling me?
You're unbelievable, Ji Soo.
What?
She will call you when she has the time.
How many times do I have to repeat?
Who do you like? Me or Ji An?
What?
Why do you keep talking about Ji An...
when you're here with me?
Hey,
it's not like I was talking about another man.
I was talking about Ji An. What's wrong with you?
You sound as if you are jealous.
Why? Can't I get jealous of a girl?
Ji Soo,
from this time and forth, only think about me.
Okay. I will.
Here. Eat it.
- Is it good? - It's good.
Is it?
Come on and eat.
Okay.
Enjoy.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
You got side dishes delivered?
Not many restaurants do delivery service here.
This is easy and convenient.
This is better than eating out.
It's like a home-cooked meal.
Let's eat.
Okay.
I'm full.
I've been really hungry.
I will go get coffee.
He could get an upset stomach.
Gwan Woo is quick-witted.
He's a keeper.
You must enjoy your work.
What?
You've been really happy since you got here.
Have I?
It's even more fun to talk about work with you.
I enjoyed working with you in the marketing team.
It will be fun if we run a business together.
But...
I guess that's not the work you enjoy.
What you do well...
is different from what you enjoy.
(Ji Soo)
Why did Father ask you to see him?
I am dying to know.
Who is it?
I have to do my homework.
I should eat and go.
Take your time. I will take you home.
I'll say bye here.
I don't want to be the girlfriend...
who asks her super-busy boyfriend to drive her.
I heard you have to work all night to pack samples.
Go back inside.
I will bring the design tomorrow after work.
Bye.
Don't run. You might fall.
You also think...
she doesn't actually mean it.
She even threatened me to go study abroad...
just to save her face.
Seo Hyun told me this once.
She said keeping the face is all they care about.
It's especially true for Grandfather.
Besides,
I was once introduced to very important people...
as Choi Eun Seok.
Right. That's why they dressed me up as you...
to introduce me to people.
It seems like Do Kyung doesn't have a clue.
They are so unbelievable.
All you want to do...
is to date for just a week.
And they are still making it hard.
You must've felt so sad.
But Ji Soo,
for a short moment,
I thought about...
what if she really meant it.
What if she means it?
Are you willing to become their daughter-in-law...
after studying abroad?
No. That's not it.
I just...
thought it would be nice if I can be with him.
That's all.
Why do they bring me so many things every time?
What's this?
Dad, are you surprised?
I made this.
Didn't I do a good job?
Because you are still young at heart,
I put jeans and a t-shirt on you.
Ji Soo, Ji Tae, Ji Ho,
Mom, and I.
While taking care of us,
you had forgotten about your hobby,
and I want to congratulate you on getting it back.
From your loving daughter, Ji An.
How did she make it so well?
She was born with the talent.
And I didn't get to give her a proper training.
(Pumpkin porridge)
My gosh. Why does she keep making food I can't eat?
(Tae Soo)
Dear Tae Soo.
Are you okay, Soo A? Do you want me to go in?
I am okay.
It's been this tough for you all along.
I didn't know anything,
and I still asked you to have the baby.
Don't say that.
It's so fascinating.
What is?
In the beginning, I felt a little nauseous.
But I didn't suffer from morning sickness.
But after I decided to have the baby,
I got the morning sickness for the first time.
I think the baby knew.
He knew that I didn't want him.
What are you...
He knew.
He feels relieved now,
so he's letting me know that he's there.
Really?
It feels so strange, honey.
Don't say that.
What are you making today?
It's an authentic French bread.
By the way, sir,
is it delicious...
when it only takes flour, water, and salt to make?
When you eat it, you will be surprised.
The more you chew it,
the more flavorful it will be.
You will keep wanting more.
When did you learn to make French bread?
In the past,
I sold bungeoppang in front of a French bakery.
The baker, I mean the patissier...
The patissier of that bakery taught me.
- The patissier. - Yes.
He used to love my bungeoppang.
You've been through so many things.
Well...
- Nam Goo. Let's talk. - Yes?
Hello, Hee.
You know how I feel about Ji Soo.
Do you have to teach her to bake?
What's wrong, Hee?
Come on.
You know how hard it is...
if there's an obstacle between two lovers.
Why are you trying to become an obstacle?
They are different from us.
No, I know well because I've been through it.
I know how rude and brutal...
people with money are.
Ji Soo's family is far richer...
than my ex-husband.
And they use it to their advantage.
They are not getting married soon.
And they got the permission to date.
Hyuk is not someone who dates lightly...
and changes fast.
Am I doing this because I don't like Ji Soo?
You should date and marry someone...
who is similar to you.
You don't know how it is.
Family background or environment...
doesn't easily change.
Yes, I don't know.
I don't know because I'm an orphan.
I don't know anything about family environment.
I am sorry, Nam Goo.
I didn't mean to offend you.
Hee.
Ji Soo and I...
knew each other before we got married.
She's the first person I accepted as my assistant.
She's my first pupil.
Even if we are married,
I hope you won't cross the line.
Are you saying Ji Soo comes before me?
That's not what I mean.
You just yelled at me.
Wait.
Why would she take it there?
Before we open,
we are going to post a few product photos...
on your websites, so please make a few.
Okay.
Now, it really feels like a start.
You are great, Mr. Choi.
- Am I a CEO now? - Yes.
I got promoted from vice president.
Send me the design when it's confirmed.
- Okay, bye. - Bye.
He's the reason why you take care of...
the orders so quickly, Ji An.
I will see you tomorrow.
See you tomorrow.
- Take care. - Bye.
Why did you come here? I was going to fetch you.
I thought of an idea. I'm going to make it here.
What are you going to make?
This is for the foundation day event.
We will put a cat toy in the cat toilet.
It will be a set.
Only the first 30 people can get it.
What are you talking about?
We have to go on a date.
But this is what I wanted to do.
I wanted to help my boyfriend...
when he's busy with work.
Do Kyung, you're about to open your business.
Do you think you have time to go on a date?
I do. We can't stay here all the time.
Isn't it good as long as we stay in the same place?
Today will be just like yesterday,
and tomorrow will be just like today.
I made this in a hurry.
What do you think of this?
It's lovely.
Seung Won,
it's my first time to get a gift like this.
It's also my first time to prepare a gift...
for someone who is about to die.
I am not even his child.
And he still worried about me.
What are you talking about?
Honestly,
I thought my in-laws were my husband's family.
I didn't consider them as my own family.
But I guess my father-in-law...
considered me as one of his own.
- Sir. - Yes?
We are planning to have a concert in spring.
I am not good enough for that.
You can keep practicing until then.
It's the first week of April.
April.
- Excuse me. - Sure.
Hello?
Father, where are you now? Are you in Jeongseon?
Here's the receipt. Please check it.
Okay.
Good job.
(Ji Tae)
I...
just started to become happy.
I finally know what it means...
to be relaxed and happy. I finally know.
If I say I will go study abroad,
will you go back to the company?
And...
I won't go back home.
Regardless of Ji An, I won't go home.
I am no longer...
Grandfather's puppy.
I hit him twice. Then I just warned him.
Now,
do you think...
I will only slap Tae Soo in the face?
To make Grandfather accept Ji An,
she needs the right qualifications.
Do you not like being apart for three years?
Three years?
Hey, Ji Tae.
Really?
Okay. I will get a cab.
Why? Do you have to go home?
Soo A is coming back home. They had a big fight.
Thanks to you, I saw her at the wedding,
but I haven't seen her since.
Is that right? Then you should go.
But I'm taking you home.
Thank you for taking me home.
Thank you.
Take care.
You can go now.
I don't want to go.
I'll go now.
Okay. Bye.
You've been married for so long.
I'm sorry I'm only meeting you now.
I am sorry too. I wasn't here when you got back.
By the way...
We actually had a big fight.
You knew, didn't you?
Yes.
Thank you for coming back.
I made lamps for you two.
I will bring them tomorrow.
By the way, where have you been, Mom?
I got a job at a grocery store as a cashier.
You got a job?
After what I went through with Dad,
I realized how foolish I've been.
Living under his protection,
I didn't know anything.
I am the one...
who made Dad sick.
- That's not true. - That's not true.
I am so thankful...
that you accepted me again as your mother.
So from now on,
I won't depend on your father or you guys.
I am going to try making money,
no matter how small it is.
It's not bad.
People live until 100, and you're still young.
Dad will feel less pressured if you work too.
Don't get up. Don't get up.
You're back, Soo A.
I am sorry, Father.
And I...
Soo A is pregnant.
My goodness.
Congratulations, Soo A. Congratulations, Ji Tae.
Am I getting a nephew or niece?
Father, about the gift,
thank you so much.
Don't say that. It's nothing.
Don't say that.
Have a seat, Mom, Dad.
- Take a seat, Soo A. - There's no need.
Soo A should go upstairs and rest.
You should go upstairs.
Soo A looks tired.
Every woman is like that...
in the early stage of pregnancy.
I can feed her well now.
You don't have to do anything, Soo A.
Let them go upstairs now.
Yes. You should go up.
I will go upstairs with her.
We will go upstairs then.
Have you eaten?
I have.
I am going back to Jeongseon now.
Don't tell Soo A that I am sick.
Just tell her I have work in Jeongseon.
You're going now?
It's tiring to travel. You should stay the night.
Hearing me throw up and groan...
isn't going to do Soo A any good.
Does it...
happen often?
It happens sometimes.
Do Kyung is here.
What brings you here this early?
Was it not even necessary to wait?
Yes.
I thought it'd be better to get this over with.
First, Ji An and I are not getting married.
Which means...
Ji An doesn't need to go study abroad.
And I'm not going back to the company.
You don't want to marry Ji An?
Do Kyung, I thought you two were quite serious.
But you don't want to marry her?
Are you saying you just want to date her for now?
We'll date each other only for a week as we promised.
Why? I already approved you to go out together.
Do you think it was easy?
Can't you just wait for three years?
You wanted Ji An to study art abroad.
Being a gallery manager after studying abroad...
is not what Ji An wants.
I just agreed with you back then as I believed...
it was what she needed to do as our family.
But things are different now.
What's different now?
I'm sorry to say this,
but I think you want us to get married...
after Ji An studies art abroad...
just to keep Ji An and me separate for three years.
I'd go back to the company...
and Ji An would stay away from me that way.
Three years is long enough to marry me...
to someone else and get a grandchild.
For you and Grandfather.
Do Kyung!
How could you misconstrue your own mother like that?
Then please let me register my marriage now.
What?
I'll never make it public...
until Ji An comes back.
Can I register my marriage first?
I knew it.
Why don't you say anything?
It could be an option.
There's...
no secret in the world!
How would he register a marriage...
without having a wedding ceremony?
No one'd find it out if they don't say anything.
Even your father.
I should get going.
I'm asking you once again.
Please leave Ji An alone.
I'm so afraid Grandfather would destroy her...
that I can't even stay with her.
Do Kyung, I'm doing this for you.
Do you really want to be discarded by Grandfather?
Does Haesung mean nothing to you?
Do you think it's something anyone can get?
Why are you doing this?
[VIU Ver] E45 My Golden Life "Get Married"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Myung Hee.
You deceived me.
I just did it for Do Kyung.
So you used me.
You used me to make him trust you?
I'm Do Kyung's father!
Myung Hee.
Did you really have to do that?
I just had no choice.
What should I do to take him back?
All right. Thank you. I'll see you next week.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
You're Seo Ji An, right?
Did you submit your work to the design contest?
Yes.
I found your name in the list of winners.
I submitted my work,
but it can't be me.
You didn't check your email yet, did you?
No. I've been busy lately.
Go check your email.
(Congratulations. You won the participation prize.)
My gosh! I can't believe this!
My goodness.
(Do Kyung)
Are you happy to be here?
Do you feel comfortable?
I was happy.
But it's not so good anymore.
Why not?
Now that I'm dying,
my children keep bothering me.
They keep visiting me...
and texting me every day.
We did the same thing.
We regretted a lot...
when our parents died.
I thought they were doing it...
just to take a load off their mind.
You feel weak now.
My own children.
I was going to forget everything...
and sort out my life before dying.
But my mind melted away.
I don't know if it's real or not,
but I didn't hate it when my children smiled at me.
Right.
My daughter-in-law is pregnant.
Really?
You're being a grandfather.
Congratulations.
I'm worried about Ji An and Ji Ho.
(Ji An)
Hello?
Dad, you know what?
I won the third place...
in a design contest.
A design contest? What does that mean?
It's a design contest for household items.
And I won the third place.
You did?
Actually it's all because of you.
I got the idea looking at your room.
That's why I'm calling you first.
How did you do that? You didn't even learn design.
Seok Doo, Ji An won...
the third place in a design contest.
Is Uncle Seok Doo there?
Yes. He came to Korea on business.
Really? Have a good time with him then.
I'll text you the details.
Thank you, Dad. Bye.
Why would she thank me?
I envy you for having a daughter.
Wait a second.
She got the prize of 1,000 dollars.
She can study at Onnea Design School...
in Finland for six months.
Isn't it amazing?
You knew she has a talent for art.
I couldn't support her talent though.
Ji Soo's father...
is a real support for her.
I envy him.
I apologize for causing so much trouble.
You are right. You caused so much trouble.
What were you thinking?
I couldn't...
let Ji Soo go abroad to study because of me.
I just couldn't let her...
live a life she doesn't want.
Are you saying you did it out of responsibility?
That's not all.
I regretted breaking up with Ji Soo.
Ji Soo decided to leave here because of me.
But I only thought about myself.
I didn't even know how much I like her.
How much do you like Ji Soo?
I like her a lot. Very much.
How much?
We've been through...
difficult times together, not like we expected,
but we just started our relationship.
Sure. You're just having a relationship now.
You should date each other to see how it turns out.
He approved us to date.
- He did! - I know.
Wait. Look at me.
There's something on your lips.
Thank you.
Which color would look better on me?
Let me see.
If you tell them they look good in everything,
they would know your intention.
Okay.
I just sold the same one in yellow earlier today.
As you're slim,
you'd look better in a brighter color.
Please wait a second.
How about this?
How much is that?
Cheaper than that. It's 25 dollars.
Is it?
This does suit me better.
I'll get this for my sister.
I'll take these two.
Both of them?
Okay.
That'll be 62 dollars for the 2.
Thank you. You bought 2, so I'll give you 2...
I was going to give her two dollars off.
Business...
isn't about selling goods, it's selling sincerity.
I actually sell more when I'm honest.
Is business thriving?
I came to buy something, and there's nothing left.
You must be really bored to come here.
Oh, weren't you at the club?
The club? What club?
You came, then ran away. Why did you run off?
I didn't run off. I left because it was time.
You'd just come in.
Did you leave...
because you saw me?
Why?
Because we'd agreed not to see each other again.
It's emergency times.
Emergency times.
Then why are you here?
Here?
Here...
This place is...
I'm here to help you.
Do you like me?
Wait, why are you quiet?
Don't even dream about it.
Our families are enemies.
Me and princesses? No thanks.
Hey, I don't like guys like you either.
Me liking you? That's impossible.
I showed up because I was bored.
You seem to be busy. I should go.
I didn't get to thank her.
She helped us get Ji Soo back.
The living expenses...
for six months...
won't be provided.
Dear Father.
I did as you said...
and had a record sales day.
Congratulations.
Good for him.
(Insurance Policy)
(Amount of payout)
(Congratulations!)
(Seo Ji An, you came third.)
(Tuition for three-month language course...)
(and six-month design course provided.)
I'd like to make a claim on my cancer policy.
What papers do I need?
I took out the policy a long time ago.
(Resignation)
What's this?
You're my superior.
With a hotline to the chairman.
You decide what he does.
You give this to him.
Why are you doing this?
I want a break.
You can't just leave.
What'll you do if you quit?
What's going on?
Why is everyone doing this to me?
Hi, Dad. Why are you calling so early?
Let's meet up after work.
Dad, I actually have plans.
- Will tomorrow... - I won't take long.
Why are you staring at me? I feel nervous.
Ji An.
I know that...
I don't have...
the right to tell you how to live your life.
No, why would you say that?
Can I tell you something?
Of course.
Go to Finland.
I'll pay for the expenses.
How can you do that?
I haven't yet decided if I'll go.
Even if I do go, I'll work part-time to save up.
You haven't decided or can't decide?
What?
I saw you two.
You and the Haesung family's grandson.
Dad...
You said you weren't dating.
You said you'd never see him again.
The thing is, Dad...
I believed you.
Before that, I said it was impossible...
when the chairman visited.
Do you know why?
Because I know you.
Because you know...
what we did to them.
I didn't think...
you'd ever accept his affections.
Even if you liked him,
I believed you to be able to control yourself.
We decided to date for only a week.
For a week?
I felt it was so unfair to not even date him.
I think...
Today's the last day.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry we made you meet him.
I'm sorry I can't let you love in peace.
Dad, stop it. You don't have to say that.
They will never accept you.
I'm not interested either.
Then go to Finland...
and chase the dream you pushed back for so long.
Why is Mr. Choi interpreting part-time?
Wasn't he sent to Europe?
Isn't this Choi Do Kyung?
I work at Hotel MJ's Europe office.
Choi Do Kyung didn't come here on January 1.
Did Choi Do Kyung leave home because of...
women problems? No way.
Did Chairman No bury her and his grandson already?
Doesn't he look a bit dazed?
It must be true that he's working part-time...
for drug money.
(Rumors of a new drug)
Drugs?
Woman in mystery?
And he left home?
The rumors...
will have spread already.
Reporters are calling to confirm.
Say they're just rumors!
(Choi Jae Sung)
Hello?
What are you doing?
Report to my office now!
Did Ms. No not pass you my resignation?
I resigned.
What?
Thank you for everything so far, sir.
I have to go.
You resigned?
These fools.
So you can't wait?
Do you want my seat now?
We'll cut the tape and officially announce...
DK Eco Tech's open for business.
Ready?
1, 2, 3.
Let's go!
Perfect.
It's cold. Let's go inside and have some warm food.
- Let's go. - Okay.
It's so cold.
I'll eat a lot.
We need to warm up.
(Haesung Corporation)
President of Haesung Apparel, Choi Do Kyung.
Head of Haesung FNB Europe, Jung Myung Soo.
What's this?
Choi Do Kyung is promoted to president?
(Announcement)
He's sending Jung Myung Soo abroad.
That's harsh.
Jung Myung Soo's a capable executive.
Haesung Apparel was profitable.
He even secured the land to build the new resorts.
He's putting blood first.
Where is Mr. Choi anyway?
Will he show up to accept his new position?
How dare he does it to us?
We did all the work...
and he made that kid a president!
We'll never understand Mr. No's twisted mind.
He praised me at the meeting...
only to demote me.
Why did you come here?
You should have met my dad.
What for?
I guess you're right. There's no point.
It won't help.
(Chairman)
Hello, Dad.
I know your husband is there with you.
Put him on.
He knows you're here.
Hello, sir.
Did you run straight to your wife?
I gave you a chance to prove yourself.
A chance you said?
If you make our resorts in Europe a success,
I'll make you vice chairman.
Do you mean that?
Will you really make me vice chairman?
Of course. This is a ploy to get Do Kyung back.
You're a smart man. You know what I mean.
- It's nice. - They'll do good.
- Eat all you want. - Thanks.
Do help us out.
No worries.
We should start cleaning up.
I'll help.
What'll you do today?
It's your last day.
It's a secret.
Do Kyung's been really serious for a while.
It must be hard on him.
Dad, what happened?
Why is Do Kyung president of Haesung Apparel?
I'm sick of arguing with him,
so I gave him one last chance.
I'm done waiting.
He'll come to you. I'm sure.
If Do Kyung refuses my offer,
your family is over.
I'll abandon you all...
and choose Jin Hee over you.
I'm leaving for Hawaii today.
I can't stand the air here.
It's too contaminated.
Send Do Kyung my regards.
And tell him to do his job.
But my husband...
Let him be.
Let him think he resigned.
For Do Kyung to settle in,
your husband needs to be vice chairman.
And you talk to your sister.
Tell her that this is just...
a ploy to get Do Kyung back.
That way, they'll keep quiet.
I told them that if Do Kyung settles in,
I'll make him vice chairman.
Our family is important too.
As you know, Jae Sung is good at his job.
What shall we do today?
You like extreme sports, don't you?
What I do is too dangerous for you.
What did you do?
Mountain biking, hang-gliding,
water-skiing.
You haven't tried what I do.
You do something I haven't heard of?
I'll show you what real extreme sports is.
Let's go.
I need a medical certificate to make...
a claim on my medical insurance.
Okay.
I don't have cancer?
That can't be true.
You were under a lot of stress...
and mistook gastritis symptoms for cancer.
You imagined that you had cancer.
You have to be wrong, doctor.
I know my symptoms.
This isn't gastritis.
Could the test results be wrong?
I told your family that...
you have to get a psychological treatment.
You've never tried this, have you?
Snow sleds?
Isn't this for kids?
You won't say that after you try it.
Do Kyung!
Are you okay?
Well? Isn't it fun?
- Isn't it fun? - It's great fun.
This is the most extreme sport I've ever tried.
I knew you'd say that.
What's that? Is there a two-person sled?
We should've tried that first.
- Do Kyung. - What?
Ouch.
Seo Ji An. How dare you?
- Please don't! - There you go!
That's not fair.
How could you?
It's so fun.
- It's so fun. - Let's go ride it again.
One more round.
- Again. - Lets' go again.
They aren't getting tired.
Let's go wait in the parking lot near his car.
You're going to get sick.
They should eat something before leaving.
Let's go.
Let's go. Let's go.
I can't ride it anymore.
Me neither.
Are you okay?
I'm okay.
You're so wrecked, Seo Ji An.
Let me fix you.
What?
You were hiding it.
It's a nice necklace.
It was fun for a week.
Me too.
By the way,
there's something I couldn't say.
I love you.
Me too.
Mr. No. We're near the airport.
When you go, you should stay for a month.
You stayed in Korea for too long.
(Choi Do Kyung)
Look. It's Do Kyung.
He was too scared to call me.
He texted me instead.
(I'm already a president of DK Eco Tech.)
What's this?
I'm already a president of DK Eco Tech.
I decline Haesung Apparel president position.
How dare he...
How dare you do this to me?
How dare you reject Haesung?
Do Kyung...
How dare you...
Mr. No.
Mr. No. Mr. No.
Mr. No, look at me. Mr. No.
Mr. No.